What its REALLY like to catch coronavirus: First British victim, 25, describes how worst disease he ever had left him sweating, shivering, and struggling to breathe as his eyes burned and bones ached.
Connor Reed, 25, an expat teacher from North Wales, lives and works in Wuhan.
In November, he became the first British man to catch the deadly coronavirus.
Here he explains how he beat the illness that is sweeping across the globe.
Coronavirus symptoms: what are they and should you see a doctor?
Connor Reed, a 25-year-old expat from Llandudno in North Wales, has worked in a school in Wuhan, China, for almost a year.
In November he became the first British man to catch the coronavirus.
From coughs and aches to burning up and spending the night in hospital, heres how he beat the illness that is sweeping the globe.
Day 1 — Monday November 25: I have a cold.
Im sneezing and my eyes are a bit bleary.
It isnt bad enough to keep me off work.
I arrived in this country to teach English as a foreign language — but now Im a manager at a school in Wuhan, the city in central China where I have lived for the past seven months.
I speak Mandarin well, and the job is interesting.
My cold shouldnt be very contagious, so I have no qualms about going to work.
And I live alone, so Im not likely to give it to anyone.
There hasnt been anything in the news here about viruses.
I have no cause for concern.
Its just a sniffle.
Day 2: I have a sore throat.
Remembering what my mum used to do when I was a child, I mix myself a mug of honey in hot water.
It does the trick.
Day 3: I dont smoke and I hardly ever drink.
But its important to me to get over this cold quickly, so that I can stay healthy for work.
For medicinal purposes only, I put a splash of whisky in my honey drink.
I think its called a hot toddy.
Day 4: I slept like a baby last night.
Chinese whisky is evidently a cure for all known ailments.
I have another hot toddy in the evening.
Day 5: Im over my cold.
It really wasnt anything.
Day 7: I spoke too soon.
I feel dreadful.
This is no longer just a cold.
I ache all over, my head is thumping, my eyes are burning, my throat is constricted.
The cold has travelled down to my chest and I have a hacking cough.
This is flu, and its going to take more than a mug of hot honey, with or without the magic whisky ingredient, to make me feel better.
The symptoms hit me this afternoon like a train and, unless theres an overnight miracle, I will not be going to work tomorrow.
Its not just that I feel so ill — I really dont want to give this flu to any of my colleagues.
Day 8: I wont be in work today.
Ive warned them Ill probably be off all week.
Even my bones are aching.
Its hard to imagine Im going to get over this soon.
Even getting out of bed hurts.
I am propped up on pillows, watching TV and trying not to cough too much because it is painful.
Day 9: Even the kitten hanging around my apartment seems to be feeling under the weather.
It isnt its usual lively self, and when I put down food it doesnt want to eat.
I dont blame it – Ive lost my appetite too.
Day 10: Im still running a temperature.
Ive finished the quarter-bottle of whisky, and I dont feel well enough to go out and get any more.
It doesnt matter: I dont think hot toddies were making much difference.
Day 11: Suddenly, Im feeling better, physically at least.
The flu has lifted.
But the poor kitten has died.
I dont know whether it had what Ive got, or whether cats can even get human flu.
I feel miserable.
Day 12: Ive had a relapse.
Just as I thought the flu was getting better, it has come back with a vengeance.
My breathing is laboured.
Just getting up and going to the bathroom leaves me panting and exhausted.
Im sweating, burning up, dizzy and shivering.
The television is on but I cant make sense of it.
This is a nightmare.
Even the kitten hanging around my apartment (pictured) seems to be feeling under the weather.
It isnt its usual lively self, and when I put down food it doesnt want to eat.
I dont blame it – Ive lost my appetite too.
By the afternoon, I feel like I am suffocating.
I have never been this ill in my life.
I cant take more than sips of air and, when I breathe out, my lungs sound like a paper bag being crumpled up.
This isnt right.
I need to see a doctor.
But if I call the emergency services, Ill have to pay for the ambulance call-out myself.
Thats going to cost a fortune.
Im ill, but I dont think Im dying — am I?
Surely I can survive a taxi journey.
I decide to go to Zhongnan University Hospital because there are plenty of foreign doctors there, studying.
It isnt rational but, in my feverish state, I want to see a British doctor.
My Mandarin is pretty good, so I have no language problem when I call the taxi.
Its a 20-minute ride.
As soon as I get there, a doctor diagnoses pneumonia.
So thats why my lungs are making that noise.
I am sent for a battery of tests lasting six hours.
Day 13: I arrived back at my apartment late yesterday evening.
The doctor prescribed antibiotics for the pneumonia but Im reluctant to take them — Im worried that my body will become resistant to the drugs and, if I ever get really ill and need them, they wont work.
I prefer to beat this with traditional remedies if I can.
It helps, simply knowing that this is pneumonia.
Im only 25 and generally healthy: I tell myself theres no reason for alarm.
I have some Tiger Balm.
Its like Vicks vapour rub on steroids.
I pour some into a bowl of hot water and sit with a towel over my head, inhaling the fumes.
Im going old school.
And Ive still got the antibiotics in reserve if I need them.
Day 14: Boil a kettle.
Add Tiger Balm.
Towel over head.
Breathe for an hour.
Repeat.
Day 15: All the days are now blurring into one.
Day 16: I phone my mother in Australia.
There was no point in calling her before now — shed only worry and try to jump on a plane.
That wouldnt work: it takes an age to get a visitors visa to China.
Im glad to hear her voice, even if I cant do much more than croak, Mum, I feel so ill.
Day 17: I am feeling slightly better, but I dont want to get my hopes up yet.
Ive been here before.
Day 18: My lungs no longer sound like bundles of broken twigs.
Day 19: I am well enough to stagger out of doors to get more Tiger Balm.
My nose has cleared enough to smell what my neighbours are cooking, and I think I might have an appetite for the first time in nearly two weeks.
Day 22: I was hoping to be back at work today but no such luck.
The pneumonia has gone — but now I ache as if Ive been run over by a steamroller.
My sinuses are agony, and my eardrums feel ready to pop.
I know I shouldnt but Im massaging my inner ear with cotton buds, trying to take the pain away.
Day 24: Hallelujah! I think Im better.
Who knew flu could be as horrible as that, though?
Day 36: A tip-off from a friend sends me hurrying to the shops.
Apparently, the Chinese officials are concerned about a new virus that is taking hold in the city.
There are rumours about a curfew or travel restrictions.
I know what this will mean — panic buying in the shops.
I need to stock up on essentials before everyone else does.
Day 37: The rumours were right.
Everyone is being told to stay indoors.
From what Ive heard, the virus is like a nasty dose of flu that can cause pneumonia.
Well, that sounds familiar.
Day 52: A notification from the hospital informs me that I was infected with the Wuhan coronavirus.
I suppose I should be pleased that I cant catch it again — Im immune now.
However, I must still wear my face mask like everyone else if I leave the apartment, or risk arrest.
The Chinese authorities are being very thorough about trying to contain the virus.
Day 67: The whole world has now heard about coronavirus.
Ive told a few friends about it, via Facebook, and somehow the news got out to the media.
My local paper back in Llandudno, North Wales, has been in touch with me.
Maybe I caught the coronavirus at the fish market.
Its a great place to get food on a budget, a part of the real Wuhan that ordinary Chinese people use every day, and I regularly do my shopping there.
Since the outbreak became international news, Ive seen hysterical reports (especially in the U.S. media) that exotic meats such as bat and even koala are on sale at the fish market.
Ive never seen that.
The only slightly weird sight Ive seen is the whole pig and lamb carcasses for sale, with their heads on.
Day 72 — Tuesday, February 4: It seems the newspapers think its terrific that I tried to cure myself with hot toddies.
I attempt to explain that I had no idea at the time what was wrong with me — but that isnt what they want to hear.
The headline in the New York Post says, UK teacher claims he beat coronavirus with hot whisky and honey.
I wish it had been that easy.
