Connor Reed who caught coronavirus thought he had bad case of flu
4th February 2020
A 25-YEAR-old from Llandudno who discovered he had coronavirus initially thought he had the flu.
Connor Reed, who has lived in China for three years and has worked as a manager for a school in Wuhan for seven months, was diagnosed with coronavirus by doctors in December.
Connor, believed to be the 'first Brit known to have caught coronavirus', is said to have shook off the deadly illness with a 'hot toddy' after refusing antibiotics.
Speaking to the Pioneer, the former Ysgol Bro Gwydir pupil said: "What has been said in the national media about me is correct.
"I went to hospital about December 5/6. I was sick before with flu. I had pneumonia type thing, that is why I went to the hospital."
Connor, whose parents Hayley and Rod moved from Llandudno to Australia about 10 years ago, was ill for about two weeks.
He has since made a full recovery.
Connor, who is in quarantine, added: "It is not as serious as how it has been reported.
"I would like to give some acknowledgement to the Chinese authorities for their openness in terms of information. We are well informed, as opposed to Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (Sars) [in 2003].
"The best case of recovery is having enough rest and keeping quarantined and being by yourself.
"I intend to stay in Wuhan for the foreseeable future.
"It is not as serious [the situation] as people are saying. It is not a cause for panic."
Two people, a University of York student and one of their relatives, continue to be treated for coronavirus in the specialist infectious diseases unit at Newcastle Royal Victoria Infirmary.
Health officials are trying to trace 239 people who flew from Wuhan to the UK before travel restrictions associated with the outbreak came into force.
A total of 94 UK nationals and family members have been evacuated to Britain from Wuhan on two flights which arrived on Friday and Sunday.
One passenger was taken to hospital in Oxford after telling medics he had symptoms of a cough and a cold.
The rest of those who came back are currently in quarantine at Arrowe Park Hospital on the Wirral.
Chinese authorities said on Tuesday that the death toll in mainland China from the coronavirus outbreak has risen to 425, with the number of cases now standing at 20,438.