This Man Claims He Cured His Coronavirus by Drinking "Hot Whisky and Honey".
British teacher Connor Reed caught coronavirus in Wuhan, China two months ago.
BY DANIEL DAVIESPUBLISHED: 05 FEBRUARY 2020.
While most of us are still trying to figure out exactly what coronavirus is (no, it isn't caused by drinking corona lager), one man has already worked out how to beat the virus: by drinking hot whisky and honey.
25-year-old teacher Connor Reed told The Sun that he sought medical assistance after a bad cough left him struggling to breathe, but instead of taking antibiotics, as doctors advised, Reed relied on an inhaler to control his cough and "drank a hot whisky with honey until that ran out".
Its an old fashioned remedy but it seemed to do the trick," said Reed. I am proof coronavirus can be beaten.
I am proof coronavirus can be beaten.
Reed, originally from Llandudno, North Wales, moved to Wuhan - the epicentre of the virus - last summer to teach English. Having been infected two months ago, at first he thought he was just suffering from a bad case of flu. It was only when he called doctors back a few weeks after being discharged that he discovered he had been suffering from coronavirus, a disease that has infected thousands of people, killed hundreds and by this point had turned Wuhan into a "ghost town".
I was stunned when the doctors told me I was suffering from the virus. I thought I was going to die but I managed to beat it," said Reed.Wuhan is becoming a real ghost town — there is hardly anybody in the streets and the shops are running low of fresh fruit and vegetables. There is no medicine or masks left in the pharmacies. If you go out without a mask the police will arrest you."
Reed may have survived his brush with coronavirus, but his pet cat wasn't so lucky. My kitten caught the feline coronavirus and developed pneumonia and died, but I dont think I caught it from her, Reed told North Wales Live. I think that was just coincidence.
The Wuhan Coronavirus Has Hit the UK
Despite his experiences, Reed says has no plans to return to the UK and instead plans to stick it out in Wuhan, saying: "I honestly don't think the virus is as serious as all that. The people who have died must have had underlying health problems."