Coronavirus victim from North Wales thought to be first UK national to contract killer disease.
Connor Reed, from Llandudno, lives and works in the Wuhan province of China.
Connor Reed, 25, from Llandudno, who is the first Brit to have caught the coronavirus. He works at a college in China in the Wuhan province.
Connor Reed, 25, from Llandudno, thought to be the first Brit to contract Coronavirus (Image: Daily Post Wales).
A Llandudno man is thought to be the first Brit to have caught the potentially fatal Coronavirus.
Connor Reed works at a college in Wuhan, in China, and was diagnosed with the virus at the beginning of December.
The 25-year-old thought at first he had flu, and was off work trying to get better by staying in bed at his apartment.
Although he started feeling better, he then developed a cough and a sore throat and lost his voice.
These were all telltale signs of the virus which has killed 361 people so far in China.
"The cough turned into pneumonia-type thing, and I ended up in hospital as my breathing was as if I was breathing into a paper bag," said the former pupil of Ysgol Bro Gwydir, in Llanrwst.
"I didn't want to take any antibiotics and just drank hot toddies made of hot whiskey and honey, and that really helped my sore throat."
He added: "I'm walking proof you can survive the Coronavirus."
Connor Reed, 25, from Llandudno, who is the first Brit to have caught the coronavirus. He works at a college in China in the Wuhan province.
Connor Reed, 25, from Llandudno, who is the first Brit to have caught the coronavirus. He works at a college in China in the Wuhan province. (Image: Daily Post Wales)
Connor, whose parents Hayley and Rod moved from Llandudno to Australia around a decade ago, says he was ill for around two weeks but has since made a full recovery.
"I honestly don't think the virus is as serious as all that. The people who have died must have had underlying health problems," he said.
"The streets where I live are pretty empty, which is quite eerie, and some of the shops have sold out of groceries.
"I'm doing paperwork at home, and I've been told by my boss the college won't reopen until March."
Although the British government evacuated hundreds of people from Wuhan province, where the Coronavirus first struck, Connor didn't consider getting on a plane home.
"I think the panic has gone from the province, people are feeling more positive. I think to be fair the Chinese government have been quite transparent with what's going on," he said.
"My kitten caught the feline Coronavirus and developed pneumonia and died, but I don't think I caught it from her. I think that was just coincidence. I think (I may have caught it) at the fish market I go to, but then again, it could have been anywhere."
Connor Reed, 25, from Llandudno, who is the first Brit to have caught the coronavirus. He works at a college in China in the Wuhan province. (Image: Daily Post Wales)
Mandarin-speaking Connor, who still has family living in Llandudno, says he loves living in China because it's a country that's still has its own traditions and culture.
His next move is Russia, where he plans to teach and learn the language.