Coronavirus: British man who caught virus beat flu with glass of hot whisky
Connor Reed, who was diagnosed with coronavirus in Wuhan, China, first "thought he was going to die" and was kept in hospital for around two weeks
A British man known to have caught the coronavirus beat the killer bug with a glass of hot whisky and honey.
Connor Reed says he was diagnosed in Wuhan, China, after struggling to breathe.
The 25-year-old man, who has lived in the country for three years to teach English, was kept in hospital for two weeks and feared the worst.
"'I was stunned when the doctors told me I was suffering from the virus. I thought I was going to die but I managed to beat it," Connor said.
I used the inhaler which helped control the cough and drank a hot whisky with honey until that ran out.
Connor Reed, 25, was diagnosed with coronavirus by doctors in China (Image: Facebook)
Coronavirus death toll hits 361 overtaking SARS as hospital built in 8 days opensmirror
Coronavirus: Desperate search for up to 480 Wuhan travellers 'lost' in Britainmirror
Its an old fashioned remedy but it seemed to do the trick.
"I did refuse to take the antibiotics the doctors prescribed me because I didnt want to take any medicines.
Health authorities, though, have never advised hot whisky with honey as a method to calm such symptoms.
Medical staff members wearing protective clothing work in a hospital in China (Image: AFP via Getty Images)
The teacher, originally from Llandudno, north Wales, spoke of his ordeal (Image: Facebook)
The teacher, originally from Llandudno, north Wales, said Wuhan has become a "ghost town" in recent weeks.
The 25-year-old, who caught the virus two months ago, continued: "Ive been off work and the boss thinks we will be reopening in a couple of weeks but Im not so sure.
Wuhan is becoming a real ghost town there is hardly anybody in the streets and the shops are running low of fresh fruit and vegetables.
A nurse takes a phone call beside her ambulance outside a hospital (Image: Barcroft Media via Getty Images)
And there is no medicine or masks left in the pharmacies.
"If you go out without a mask the police will arrest you.
"It was only when I called back a couple of weeks ago that they told me Id had the coronavirus."
Connor told The Sun he has informed British authorities to say he had been diagnosed with the virus.
He added: They kept asking if I wanted a place on a flight out but I said no.
"Ill stick it out here. I am proof coronavirus can be beaten.